(A) The title of the homework and the author’s name 

     CharLinkedList by Josh Lamothe 
     6/9/2022

(B) The purpose of the program.

     The purpose of this program is to create and define a 
    class called CharLinkedList, and also include member functions to 
    maniupulate the characters in this list.

(C) Acknowledgements for any help you received.

     I recieved help from Professor Sheldon and his video lectures
    I also recieved help from Professor Allen and his Lab02
    I had help from CS11 proj2 on linked list with racko player
	I had help from all the TAs and my class mates Timi and Alex

(D) The files that you provided and a short description of what each file is 

    CharLinkedList.cpp this file defines each member function and 
    is the implementation of the CharLinkedList class

    CharLinkedList.h this file is the header file that outlines the
    interface of the CharLinkedList class

    unit_tests.cpp this file was used to test the implementation
    each member function was tested, and some of the private functions were
    tested and commented out header

    README- this file that outlines my program and gives the reader a brief 
    intro to the program

    MAKEFILE- compiles and links the CharLinkedList.cpp with the h file and the
    testing file

(E) How to compile and run your program.

    in order to compile use the make test_list command in terminal
    in order to run the program use ./test_list in order to run the
    testing

(F) An outline of the data structures and algorithms that you used. 

    The data structure used in this situation was known as a linked list. 
	Linked list are built by Nodes, which store data and 
	pointers to the next node. Since this assignment is doubly 
	linked there is also a pointer to the previous item in the list.
	This is pretty nice because it allows for the front to be found
	very easily however looping through the linked list is difficult.
	Finding specific elements in the linked list is alot harder than with
	array list. Linked list are also difficult to add in the middle 
	and in pretty much any location because you have to link the pointers.

	Q1:
	Functions like concatenate and push at back were easier
	as linked list because the only change was adding to the back. When dealing
	with array list adding to the back causes you to have to expand the array. 
	This is something that makes linked list easier. There is no max capacity 
    of
	the linked list which allow for linked list ot be easier in methods where 
    elements are added to the list.

	Q2:
	Insert in order was a lot easier as an array list because it is easier
	to access the specific data. This is the same with concatenate and first
    and last. Functions that caused for the data inside the list to be 
    accessed were easier with the array list method. 
	
	Q3:
	In order to switch to a linked list code would have to be added to create 
	nodes that store the data rather than an array. They also have to start 
	creating more pointers, one that points to the front and ones in the node
	that point to the previous and next thing of the list. 
	In order to switch over a huge focus on linking the pointers will be done. 
	The logic is very similar for the two data structors.



(G) Details and an explanation of how you tested the various parts of assignment
 and the program as a whole. 

    in order to test I used all three constructors to make sure they made 
    proper instances of the class.

    This also tested my print function because I printed the contents after 
    each time I used the constructor
    after help from professor allen I realized that I used stringstream
    in a way that would not test for empty chars so I fixed it
    by using the str function rather than input streams.
    

 

  I next tested the size to see if this was working. Size was tested on empty 
  and list that exist. Next first and last were tested as well. 
  these were done on emptyand full list. 
  A lot of the testing was very similar, calling the function to edit the data
  and the printing out the list to see if the result would match expected 
  output.

  Here some edge cases were tested in order to make sure all scenarios worked
  some of these test cases call error messages so they were commented out after

  Pop from front and back were tested on empty list 
  remove at was tested out of bounds 
  element at was tested out of bounds
  insert at was tested out of range


 

  the copy constructor was tested next, and it was used again at the end 
  to show the deep copy. this was done by manipulating the original and
  seeing if this would affect the deep copies values.



    the deconstructor was also tested through valgrind

Timing:
    I spent 35 hours on this assignment.Probably a little more than that.
	I really needed help with the 3rd constructor. 